## License ##

This code (PageKite for Android) may be used according to the terms of the
following licenses:

   * The GNU Affero General Public License, version 3.
     See the file AGPLv3.txt for details.

An alternate license may apply IF and ONLY IF you are using this code to
develop Software for distribution which fulfills one or more of the following
additional conditions:

   1. The Software uses the online PageKite service provided by
      The Beanstalks Project ehf (see https://pagekite.net/).

   2. The Software clearly gives the User the option to freely choose
      any "PageKite Account" and "PageKite Service Provider" and the user
      interface of the Software uses the word "PageKite" to identify
      these settings.

This code (PageKite for Android) may be combined or redistributed along with
Software that meets one or both of the above conditions, according to the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License.  See the file LGPLv3.txt
for details.

The additional exemption is made to both of the above licenses that compiling,
linking, and/or using OpenSSL is allowed.


### Why? ###

The intent of the above alternate license clause, is to allow developers of
proprietary software (including Android apps) to use this code as part of
their products, as long as they EITHER support the upstream PageKite project
OR respect their users' freedom enough not to obfuscate the connection
settings or lock them in to one specific service provider.

Developers who wish to negotiate alternate terms, service level agreements,
bulk discounts, support contracts or have questions about compliance are
encouraged to get in touch with the authors.


## OpenSSL linking exception ##

In addition, as a special exception, the copyright holders give permission to
link the code of portions of this program with the OpenSSL library under, and
distribute linked combinations including the two.

You must obey the default license terms in all respects for all of the code
used other than OpenSSL.  If you modify file(s) with this exception, you may
extend this exception to your version of the file(s), but you are not
obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so, delete this exception
statement from your version.  If you delete this exception statement from all
source files in the program, then also delete it here.

